Dialogue for 193: The Plan (N Story Series Ep 16)
N: (knocks on door) 
Kevin: Coming!!, Leo can you get the door for me please? 
Leo: Sure thing business partner (opens door) Good afternoon N. :-) 
N: Good afternoon to you too Leo and Kevin. :-) 
Kevin: Hey N how are things :-)
N: Good you. :-) 
Kevin: Good ummm, Leo can you get me packages from the attic. :-) 
Leo: Sure thing Kevin. 
N: So Kevin how's your leg. :-| 
Kevin: It still worries me but I'm OK, do you want a sandwich and some orange juice. <:-( <:-) 
N: Yes please. :-) 
Kevin: Alright, can you do me a favor and help Leo get some packages from the attic while I get you some orange juice and a sandwich thanks. <:-) 
N: Sure thing friend, and you're welcome. 
Leo: Hey N, what are you doing in the attic :-) 
N: Kevin told me to help you get some packages out of the attic while he gets me something. 
Leo: Alright, just at least carry 1-2 boxes at a time, and just follow my lead OK? 
N: Alright, no problem. 
Kevin: Alright N, thank you and you too Leo. 
Leo & N: No problem. 
Leo: What's in there anyway. :-|
Kevin: Just some things nothin special :-|
N: Nice place you got here. :-) 
Kevin: Thanks but its literally next to Gordon's Liquor Bar in Strowbridge Street, same street as mine, and what a coincidence because my last name is Strowbridge. Oh, and here is your sandwich and orange juice, and you know Gordon owns the Liquor Bar, right? 
N: Yeah, I knew that for a while, maybe that's why I was intoxicated there by Gordon. 
Kevin: You were intoxicated by my boss. 
N: Yeah, so anyway, what did you need me here for? 
Kevin: Well, Bethany was at my house earlier and told me bout the plan about her, John, Brick, and my boss bout them combining their strengths to take you down instantly. 
N: Yeah I heard about their fucked up meeting to try to take me down. 
Kevin: Well there's good news and bad news, the bad news is that they want me to also take you down, good news is that I told Bethany to tell my boss I couldn't do it because I have a broken right leg but I didn't tell her because I didn't want to kill you. <:-( 
N: You're not going to kill me right <:-( 
Kevin: I don't have that much of a choice, I have to, but I won't do it now. <:-(
Leo: I don't think you should go for it. 
Kevin: I made a mistake once about almost killing N and I'm not going for it again but if I don't join them then my boss is going to kill me unless I can tell boss that I don't want to work for him anymore but I don't think he will go for that. 
Leo: Wow, that's a tough choice looks like you're gonna have to think about it at least try to convince Gordon. 
Kevin: Yeah, for whatever decision I make, please forgive me for it N OK. <:-| 
N: Alright Kevin, I'll forgive you for whatever happens to me. <:-} 
Kevin: Thanks. <:-) 
N: No problem and thanks for the food and drink. <:-) 
Kevin: Anytime, and one more thing before you go, I got some equipment for you to protect yourself. 
N: Thanks, but you didn't have to. 
Kevin: Of course I do, I don't want you to die N. 
N: Thanks, but you're the one deciding my fate because if you kill me then you gave me these equipments for nothing. <:-( 
Kevin: I'll try my best of mostly thinking not to kill you. 
N: Alright, bye Kevin and Leo, and think wisely Kevin. \:-| 
Kevin: I will, bye N. <:-) 
Leo: Bye N drive safely. <:-) 
N: I will thanks. 
Kevin: Next time we'll come to your house where is your house. 
N: 1290 N Institute Road just look at my statue for the next time you come in. 
Kevin: Alright bye N thanks for coming. 
Leo: Same bye N. 
N: Bye guys see you next time when you come to my house.
