Dialogue for 1151: Kevin Is Back (N Story Series Ep 25)
(12 hours later)
N: (Knocks on door)
Kevin: Hey N, I’ve been expecting you, come in. :-)
N: Thanks Kevin. :-)
Kevin: I've seen that you've prepared yourself, :-) I assume you know what this is about. :-(
N: GORDON! \:-(
Kevin: Yes, <:-( I just wanted to let you know that I'm not on Gordon's side. :-(
N: I know, I heard everything and I appreciate you telling me this. :-)
Kevin: How did you hear all of this. /:-|
N: Well I was behind the bushes when I saw Bethany, and I heard the plan of how Gordon and the others were going to kill you if you did not join. :-| Honestly Gordon has to know by now that you are not coming back. \:-(
Kevin: Well I mean yeah obviously, :-( but it's like I told Leo that I would not go tell Gordon that I've quit even though I told Bethany because he will just lure me into a trap and kill me. <:-( There is no convincing Gordon. >:-(
Kevin: Also I feel like knowing Bethany, she may not tell Gordon the full story of what I've told her to say but who knows, she still works for Gordon, <:-( despite the asshole that he is. >:-(
N: Can you really trust Bethany though? <:-(
Kevin: Honestly N, yes and no. <:-| But I'm not concerned about Gordon, his pattern schemes are always the same of ending you. :-\
N: Yeah and now with you since you're not working with him. :-|
Kevin: Yep. :-(
N: Well screw him, you've made the right choice. :-)
N: And also, I feel like the rest of Gordon's crew especially Brittany are getting real tired of his tedious plans. <:-)
Kevin: And even the time that I could not join Gordon's meetings because of my broken leg, but if I know that it had involved killing you in the first place, then I would have never worked for him in the first place. <:-|
N: Yeah I know, but it is what it is at the end of the day, you can't change Gordon and others, only yourself. :-|
Kevin: Yeah, but what are we going to do now N? :-(
N: The only thing we can do is to prepare ourselves and lay low especially when you live near Gordon's Liquor Bar. <:-(
Kevin: Yeah right, I forgot about that, <:-| it was an easy commute when I used to go over there and work for him. :-(
N: I know, but also with Bethany going to see and tell Gordon, there's a significant chance that Gordon will come to your place and take you down. :-(
Kevin: Fuck N, I did not realize that. D-:> I mean I realized that Gordon would find out about the plans eventually, /:-/ but not that I live in close proximity to him. <:-(
N: I guarantee that he won't stop the two of us. >:-)
Kevin: I mean even if Bethany told Gordon about me, I would not even care. \:-) But it should be obvious to him by now. >:-) 6 years is a long time.|:-|
N: Yes, and essentially, you should prepare yourself too because if Bethany went to your place, then Gordon would come to your place very soon as we speak. <:-(
Kevin: True, but I've known Gordon over 6 years ago, he takes long with his meetings to plan the next phases of his plan. \:-/
N: I would not risk it though. :-( It's better if you get your stuff and we leave now. :-(
Kevin: Perhaps you are right. <:-( Perhaps we can fly abroad if we had money, I would really like to see my parents again. :-)
N: I'm sure you will man. :-) I also guarantee that Gordon's crew are real tired of him, and maybe just maybe, Bethany will not tell Gordon. :-)
Kevin: Like I said N, I would not care if she did. :-)
N: What about Leo, he should be informed of this too. :-|
Kevin: Yeah, I will let him know, we can perhaps plan a 3 man flight. :-D
N: I love that idea. :-)
N: But anyways lets plan against Gordon's plans lol. <:-D
Kevin: Let's do. :-)
N: Was that the reason you called. :-( 
Kevin: Pretty much to tell you that Bethany came over, and she tried to convince me to obey Gordon and not you. :-( But I vowed never to do that to you again. >:-)
N: Like I said Kevin, you made the right choice. :-)
Kevin: Thanks man, :-) I'm going to give Leo a call, and inform him of Gordon's plan. :-|
N: Sounds good. I'm gonna head back home to pack up, and meet you all later. Give me heads up on when you're ready to go. :-)
Kevin: Ok N, I will let you know. See you later, I'm gonna get coffee later with Leo if you want to meet us there. Just give me a call. :-)
N: Will do. :-)
